Ouyang tomb disaster court
Colluded with this party for more than ten years
The reason why I pretend not to know
Just waiting for an opportunity
Here's your chance.
I want to die, the sword of dragon power
Be sure to kill Ouyang Tomb in Jinhai
If not
See you after shaving
Lord Guo Zhu should know about my death
Although I was not mentioned in the letter
But he couldn't possibly handle such a big task
Leave it to you
With this Longquan sword
I admire the sea of nerves that must be buried
Senior sister's trip to the decisive battle
Be sure to be fully prepared
You go to contact Lord Tingdu
Let him secretly send us foreign aid
Be sure to do it as soon as possible, be careful
Thousands of calculations
Still defeated by Liao Fan
Daren didn't find anyone.
That woman is extremely flexible
Is a master of sixteen
But strangely, I never knew him.
80% is the blessing of his and Liao Fan's skills
This guy is so cunning
Now what?
There are 9 kinds of shaving and pot master fish claws
We can't stop them from going back to the dungeon
Just take risks
Let them all die in the police
Once they come back to the rescue
Then my plan is recorded
You can only rebel in advance
Understand that they must be dealt with in Gimhae
OK
That's right.
Call Nanako, the girl of the Ninja God
I'm going to give him an ear
Let him be of use to me